State space definition and justification
	    The state space is the environment that the agent is in, 
    and can freely observe all needed info to complete its tasks at a given moment 
    in time(medium.com).  It also includes its history/memory, which has previous state’s 
    data stored so it can access that data to make decisions to complete its current goals.
	    In this project, the state includes the position of each joint in the hand, velocity of the hand, and the orientation and position 
    of the object that the hand is holding.  These are all needed by the agent to learn how to manipulate the 
    object in the hand.  This assists it in its goal of rotating the object to a desired orientation.


Action space definition and justification
        The action space is defined as all the possible actions an agent can take within an
    environment(milvus.io). It can either be discrete(finite set of choices) or continuous(range of possible value).  
    The agent in this project utilizes a continuous action space.
        It is continuous in the sense that there are many possible actions that can be taken, such as changing the values 
    being -1 to 1 of the actuators on the fingers to manipulate the object.  Continuous range lets there be 
    fine motor control rather than coarser movement that might have happened if it could only move in increments of .5 
    instead of smaller, as it can now.


Reward function and justification
	    The reward function in reinforcement learning is the main driving force in the
    agent being able to complete a given task(geeksforgeeks).  After doing an action, 
    the reward function immediately gives feedback whether the model got closer to the given 
    task(positive), further(negative), or neutral(zero), as examples.  The positive reward 
    values are used to incentivize the agent as it completes tasks that get it closer to the goal, 
    and negative reward is to disincentivize it from going further.   It maximizes cumulative reward over time, and as it gets better, 
    leads the agent closer to the goal.
	    In this project, an example reward function would reward positive points 
    as it orients/manipulates the object closer to the goal, and reward negative points 
    as it orients/manipulates the object further away.  By both rewarding successful movements 
    and penalizing failed movements, the agent learns how to orient the object quicker and more efficiently.


Works Cited
https://medium.com/@CalebMBowyer/what-is-state-in-reinforcement-learning-it-is-what-the-engineer-says-it-is-47add99a1121

https://milvus.io/ai-quick-reference/what-is-an-action-space-in-rl

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/machine-learning/how-to-make-a-reward-function-in-reinforcement-learning/
